[FMv0.6]--Update docs about auth support in Mesh Worker Service (#174)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/function-mesh-worker/function-mesh-worker-overview.md

![Function Mesh Workflow](./../assets/function-mesh-workflow.png)

## Authentication Support

Before v0.6.0, the Function Mesh Worker Service uses a super admin Pulsar account reading from the config file for Function Mesh operators, which is not secure, so start from v0.6.0, there is a break change to use separate account for each user.

> **Currently it only support OAuth2 providers, other providers will be supported as soon as possible.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> Currently, only OAuth2 authentication is supported.
```

> > NOTE: if you are using Pulsar cluster with other authentication providers, the Function Mesh Worker Service will not work

Reviewer: we can remove this note as we have expressed similar meaning in the previous sentence.

### OAuth2

> For each client of OAuth2, there should be a Kubernetes Secret created in advance in the same cluster of Function Mesh operators, its format is like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clients that use OAuth2 authentication, you need to create a Kubernetes Secret in advance in the same cluster where Function Mesh operators work. The Kubernetes Secret is something like the below:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
data:
  auth.json: |
    {
      "client_id": "xxxx",
      "client_secret": "xxxx",
      "issuer_url": "xxx"
    }
  clientAuthenticationParameters: {"privateKey":"file:///${SOME-PATH-OF-FILE}","issuerUrl":"${OAUTH-ISSUER-URL}","audience":"${OAUTH-AUDIENCE}","scope":"${OAUTH-SCOPE}"}
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: ${OAUTH-CLIENT-NAME}
type: Opaque
```

> 

Reviewer: For details about how to configure OAuth2 authentications for Pulsar Functions, Sources, and Sinks, see [authentication](/functions/function-crd.md#authentication).

Author: 如果使用了Function Mesh Worker Service的话，用户不用去手动配置 authentication 了

| v0.2.0| <br />- v2.10.0.5-v2.10.0.6 <br />- v2.9.2.18-v2.9.2.22 <br />- v2.8.3.4 |
| v0.3.0| <br />- v2.10.0.7 <br />- v2.9.2.23+ <br />- v2.8.3.5+ |
| v0.4.0| <br />- v2.10.1.4+ <br />- v2.9.3.3+ <br />- v2.8.3.6+ |

> | v0.5.0| <br />- v2.10.1.7+ <br />- v2.9.3.5+ <br />- v2.8.4.1+ |

Reviewer: Confirmed with Rui, For FM v0.5, the FM worker service versions should be the following. Could you please also help update it? Thanks.
Function Mesh 0.5.0:
v2.10.1.7 ～ 2.10.1.8
v2.9.3.6 ～2.9.3.8
v2.8.4.1

Author: ok
